CS 430 - Computer Graphics
Assignment 02
Timothy Day

Included is the source code for the second assignment detailed on the homework page.

The included makefile does little to nothing as the code is python based, however there is a run target which will run the program with default settings.
Also included, Clean, will clear all the .pyc bytecode files that python generates as well as remove all xpm files from the directory.

The sample postscript file for the homework is also included-- Post script is not cleaned by the makefile.

NEW IN ASSIGNMENT 2:
The postscript reader recognizes moveto, lineto, and stroke now.
Polygon clipping.  Sutherland hodgman algorithm is located in ps.py

The left and bottom viewport clipping works (at least with the examples on the assignment page), depending on the image viewer it can get obfuscated by program borders.

This doesn't implement any new classes, but it creates line commands based off lineto and moveto


To run the program, ./CG_hw2 will run it.  The options for the program are detailed in the assignment:
https://www.cs.drexel.edu/~david/Classes/CS430/HWs/Assignment1.html


CG_hw2: The main python file, the command line parsing is done in here. THIS IS SPECIFIED AS A LINUX EXECUTABLE VIA #!/BIN/BASH AT TOP OF FILE
xpm.py: This is really where the main logic of the program is done, none of the math is here but the xpm file is written and the pixels organized
ps.py: The line clipping and DDA algorithm are in here.  A factory function will be used to read future postcript commands, for now it only recognizes Line.
vectors.py: Implements basic functionality of points and vectors.

The python numpy package is occasionally included though the functionality is never utilized anywhere.  I was working on matrix transformations but opted for the simpler implementation for now.


The program was tested and created by SSHing into tux with x tunneling and viewing xpm with built in display.  All the sample images on the assignment page were working on Tux at the time of submission
